fix(bug): Fix setting retryLimit to 0 implicitly uses retryLimit as 5 (#22697)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/commands/argocd_app_add-source.md

      --sync-retry-backoff-duration duration       Sync retry backoff base duration. Input needs to be a duration (e.g. 2m, 1h) (default 5s)
      --sync-retry-backoff-factor int              Factor multiplies the base duration after each failed sync retry (default 2)
      --sync-retry-backoff-max-duration duration   Max sync retry backoff duration. Input needs to be a duration (e.g. 2m, 1h) (default 3m0s)

>       --sync-retry-limit int                       Max number of allowed sync retries (Setting to 0 means disabling retries) (default 5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --sync-retry-limit int                       Max number of allowed sync retries (Setting to 0 disables retries) (default 5)
```
